Tel: 07782802002
Treatments
About
Testimonials
Contact
BOOK NOW
Our Treatments
We are commited to using the latest technologies and techniques to ensure that you receive the highest quality care and achieve the results you desire.
With our focus on healthy aging, natural enhancements and a commitment to patient satisfaction, we are dedicated to helping you look and feel your best.
Category
All
Treatments
Skin Concern
Eyes & Eyelids
Skin Laxity & Sagging
Lines & Wrinkles
Lips & Mouth
Texture
Pigmentation
Hair Thinning
Jawline & Chin
Redness
Menopausal Skin
Face Slimming
Excessive Sweating
Exfoliation
Neck & Decollete
Frown & Forehead
Dull Skin
Skin Aging
Collagen Banking
Acne & Blemishes
Women's Health
Menopause Support
Pelvic Floor & Intimate Health
Lifestyle Medicine
Blood Testing
Lifestyle & Weight
Lifestyle Medicine
Medical Weight Management
Blood Testing
Sort by
Menopause & Hormone Consultation
Health MOT Consultation
Lip Filler
Skinvive® Skin Booster
Allergy Blood Testing
Nefertiti Neck Lift
Personalised Skin Prescriptions
Medical Weight Management
Lifestyle Medicine Consultation
Plasmage Skin Lesion Removal
Pelvic Floor & Incontinence
Poly-Needling
Polynucleotides
Viscoderm
Profhilo® Body
Profhilo®
Botox® Excessive Sweating
Dermal Filler
Botox®
Dermalux LED Phototherapy
Lash Clinic
Peels
Plasmage
Micro-Needling
PRP Hair Therapy
Load More
BOOK NOW
OUR PROCESS
It always starts with a conversation.
Before any treatment, we offer a comprehensive consultation with our medical experts. This is where we get to know you and your concerns, and where together, we can create a personalised plan tailored to your individual needs.
We believe that every patient deserves the highest level of care, and we are committed to ensuring that you feel comfortable and informed every step of the way.
If you already have a clear idea of what you would like to treat, or simply want to know more, we will talk you through your options and tailor a personalised treatment plan for you. There is no obligation to book a treatment.
Prepare for it
Identify your goals and any areas you would like to address. This is your opportunity to ask any questions you may have.
Treat it
Once you have had your consultation and decided to have a treatment at Espacio, each appointment can take 30 minutes to an hour.  There may be some downtime which will be discussed in your plan. You can continue the rest of your day with the aftercare provided after your treatment.
I came for a consultation. I loved the fact that all staff looked 'normal', without the obviously-had-work-done faces I was expecting, which allayed my fears as a first timer. I loved that no processes or products were pushed on me. I love that Lilliana took time to go through options and finding out what I wanted. I love that she took photos from all angles to do a thorough analysis (and that they somehow looked quite flattering). I loved that at no time did I feel pressured into buying or booking anything.
Penny
espacio
Espacio [spanish]
Space [english]
Noun. espacio m (plural espacios) space (distance between things)
Espacio can refer to the personal space that individuals need to feel comfortable and safe.  It can also refer to the mental and emotional space that individuals need to process their thoughts and feelings. This can include taking time alone to reflect or engaging in activities that bring a sense of calm and relaxation.
