BOOK NOW
What our paitents say...
Anna
February 2023
"Everyone was very patient and kind at my consultation. I was given so much time and such an unexpectedly thorough consideration of what I was asking for. Nurse Toni was gentle and understanding and asked for the input of Dr Lilliana who was very warm and kind. The procedure itself was quite small, went smoothly and I am pleased with the outcome."
Katrina  Jamieson
March 2023
"Fantastic to be looked after by such a wonderful team .They made sure the correct treatment was trailer made for my skin type. Can’t wait to return to see the wonderful Becky."
Mae De
April 2023
" Dr Liliana and her team are excellent caring and very professional, I have been a client for quite a while and wouldn’t dream of going anywhere else, the complimentary Dermalux LED this visit was perfect. "
Diane Baxter
24.04.2023
"I felt very well cared for I asked lots of questions and was very reassured with the answers I have a spring in my step after having dermal fillers Very professional "
Joanna
13.05.2023
" Always a great experience at Espacio. I fully trust Toni’s thoughts and advice. "
Ashley
June 2024
" Have my masseter botox done by Dr Kev. Absolutely brilliant. I am really happy with the results as my jaw muscles has relaxed a lot. Dr Kev also very professional, caring and genuine. He has walked me through all the reason may lead to my jaw problem, and giving good suggestions on how to change my life habit to achieve a better result! Not just try to sell me products that I don’t need (which I always worried about when going to clinic)! 10/10 would recommend
"
June McNeil
April 2023
Always enjoy my treatments with Dr liliana,  been attending her clinic for 13 years and wouldn't go anywhere else . I always feel comfortable and well  taken care of with ever visit"
GM
April 2023
" Very thoughtful approach by Dr Liliana with careful attention to one’s own expectations. This was my first visit and I felt totally confidant that the treatment would be successful which it was. I plan to have ongoing treatments."
KB
06.05.2023
" Lovely new venue and as always, great care and attention from Liliana. "
Penny
09.05.2023
I came for a consultation. I loved the fact that all staff looked 'normal', without the obviously-had-work-done faces I was expecting, which allayed my fears as a first timer. I loved that no processes or products were pushed on me. I love that Lilliana took time to go through options and finding out what I wanted. I love that she took photos from all angles to do a thorough analysis (and that they somehow looked quite flattering). I loved that at no time did I feel pressured into buying or booking anything.
AE
March 2023
"Dr. Liliana has made my day and possibly at least a year, so much appreciated.  The results are graceful and I am happy. The treatment procedure was just as graceful, welcoming and very comforting. Pleasant music, lovely coffee from a very friendly receptionist. And to add on top of that -- zero bruising. Namaste "
Mark Peden
April 2023
" Fabulous experience. Professionalism of the highest order. Thank you so much. "
Dorothy Thomas
December 2023
"Beyond excellent care and treatment. Everything is discussed and explained with absolutely no rush or pressure. I feel that I am in totally safe and responsible hands.""
Annie Macdonald
09.05.2023
" Always well looked after and made to feel calm & relaxed Very well advised on treatments "
Amanda Carrie
09.05.2023
"Liliana is the best in the business! Wouldn’t trust anyone else. I’m always so happy with my results, Liliana puts me at ease as I have had a few bad experiences in the past! So glad I was recommended to Liliana, and would recommend her to anyone!"
I came for a consultation. I loved the fact that all staff looked 'normal', without the obviously-had-work-done faces I was expecting, which allayed my fears as a first timer. I loved that no processes or products were pushed on me. I love that Lilliana took time to go through options and finding out what I wanted. I love that she took photos from all angles to do a thorough analysis (and that they somehow looked quite flattering). I loved that at no time did I feel pressured into buying or booking anything.
Penny
espacio
Espacio [spanish]
Space [english]
Noun. espacio m (plural espacios) space (distance between things)
Espacio can refer to the personal space that individuals need to feel comfortable and safe.  It can also refer to the mental and emotional space that individuals need to process their thoughts and feelings. This can include taking time alone to reflect or engaging in activities that bring a sense of calm and relaxation.
