===== home.html
top of page
Tel: 07782802002
Treatments
About
Testimonials
Contact
BOOK NOW
WELCOME
to
your
SPACE
At Espacio Clinic our primary focus is healthy ageing. Our team of medical experts will empower you and support you in your personal journey.
Whether you’re looking to address a specific concern or the proactive steps towards better health, we provide a friendly, science-led approach to help you thrive.
READ MORE
our
TREATMENTS
The Espacio Difference
VIEW ALL
At Espacio we appreciate that your individual patient journey is key.
We have created a relaxed atmosphere with friendly faces that will get to know you.
An initial in depth consultation is at the heart of everything that we do.
We will then create your individual health and wellbeing plan.
All our practitioners are experienced medical professionals that you can trust.
We have created Espacio as a space for you.
our
TEAM
Dr Liliana
Medical Director
Dr Becky Harley
GP Skin Expert
Dr Sonia Keane
Aesthetic Doctor
Dr Shantini Rice
Consultant Dermatologist
Antonia Graham
Aesthetic Nurse Prescriber
Madeleine Thomas
Clinic Manager
Erica Willis
Senior Front of House
Natalie Smith
Medical Administrator
Corinne MacDonald
Senior Medical Administrator
READ MORE
I came for a consultation. I loved the fact that all staff looked 'normal', without the obviously-had-work-done faces I was expecting, which allayed my fears as a first timer. I loved that no processes or products were pushed on me. I love that Lilliana took time to go through options and finding out what I wanted. I love that she took photos from all angles to do a thorough analysis (and that they somehow looked quite flattering). I loved that at no time did I feel pressured into buying or booking anything.
Penny
espacio
Espacio [spanish]
Space [english]
Noun. espacio m (plural espacios) space (distance between things)
Espacio can refer to the personal space that individuals need to feel comfortable and safe.  It can also refer to the mental and emotional space that individuals need to process their thoughts and feelings. This can include taking time alone to reflect or engaging in activities that bring a sense of calm and relaxation.
Menu
Home
About
Treatments
Duty of Candour
Complaints Procedure
Contact Us
Tel: 07782802002
Email:
enquiries@espacioclinic.com
12a Castle Terrace
Edinburgh, EH1 2DP
Registered With:
HIS (Health Improvement Scotland)
BCAM (British College of Aesthetic Med)
Socials
Instagram
Facebook
© 2023 ESPACIO CLINIC
Designed by Cleah Creative
bottom of page
